um and this is where we start sounding
like racist and I mean for me having
done the research I've done um I'm just
fine with being called a racist huh but
Liu Yin this is the kind of video where
I really wonder if i'm going to manage
to make it in less than 30 minutes deep
depressing interesting topic really
we're talking but really were thinking
about this is controversy at the moment
and of the deeper broader issues that'll
still be meaningful to look back on 10
years from now the controversy of the
moment is people like vegan gains
Richard who is of afro Canadian ancestry
he's partly black he is his mother is
apparently entirely white we've seen his
mother on camera richard has been
supporting a Tara McCarthy's youtube
channel ok Tara and Cory McCarthy I
could say in some sense he is supportive
of them he is friendly towards them he
gave them a very gracious interview in
which he did not challenge them on any
of their racist political positions ok
and their political decisions are racist
and you can see prior videos on this
channel just search for the word
McCarthy just go to the channel history
search for the word McCarthy and you'll
get a couple different videos we get to
see them their face and their voices on
camera stating their racist political
tease I'm not slandering them to say
that that is a completely reasonable
summary of what their political position
is and if you don't want to take my word
for it if you want to watch your video
my channel go to their website something
like reality calls reality calls is the
name they used to use for a channel now
she's used our McCarthy and they have
they have a you click on a link the
Douglases start here they spell out for
you as quickly as possible what their
position is often the so-called white
race at the future of the white race and
so-called white genocide and their
opposition to intermarriage between the
races their political positions they
support the idea of X Eiling all
non-white people from the United States
America if you do not describe that as
racist
you must be using a very very peculiar
definition of what racism is or what it
can be what can be included in the
category of racism yes I'm so oh i
remember it was like don't make excuses
people who make excuses on Cory's racism
you'll notice intuitively I mean
everyone's driven through a really crap
Harry I would be like oh why the 35 area
it's like oh it is populated by ethnic I
know why it's the kind of area is the
area that me and a friend of mining
jokingly say like when you go when you
pass through these if you end up in one
hold on to your wallet and just looking
at it right now yet don't make excuses
for people who make excuses yeah a very
strange thing saying it's like that it's
so funny because the comment I'm making
here is just completely rational it's
like Cory is not a supremacist which is
my honest belief I don't think he is a
supremacist he just acknowledges racial
differences yeah like we all will
intuitively know but there are certain
groups of people who have a higher crime
rate who are shed of doing anything can
turn up on time to places who are
extremely unreliable and make things all
the time and expect to get bailed out
for it and but yet we're told but to
have this pattern recognition ability is
to create a stereotype and creating
stereotype is wrong and evil and you
shouldn't do that he just acknowledges
racial differences he doesn't believe
one race is generally superior and these
are all things that the guy has told me
personally he just think they're
expressed troops about grace that are
worth being aware of in terms of how we
organize society now I'm not advocating
like I said not advocating we go over to
any of the country and wipe these people
out now we have conquered in the past
you know and that is because we came in
and we were able to you know because
they were technologically superior
athlete I thought adult was being
intellectual my main area he just
acknowledges racial differences he
doesn't believe one race is generally
superior I got a lot of being
intellectual I main area he's putting it
up here trying to make it look like I'm
defending races which I'm not a racist
if you do not describe that as racist
you must be using a very very peculiar
definition of
what racism is or what it can be what
can be included in the category of
racism and Cory does corey does try to
define racism so narrowly that he can't
be included as a racist I noticed that
his girlfriend is much more openly so
she doesn't care if people call her a
racism which he is so thank you tara
that's gracious I'm glad you don't mind
I'm glad I have your permission to call
you a racist thara Eurasian it's so look
two of my recent videos stated
contrasting facts or contrasting
opinions contrasting perspectives on
vegan gains on Richard about four videos
ago of long videos 45 minutes long
primarily talking about Gary Yourofsky
but not exclusively is 45 minutes I've
covered much Thomas in that video I give
Richard praise very specific praise I
say that Richard vegan gains is the kind
of guy who can carefully research a
video about serious medical condition
heart disease cancer atherosclerosis and
can present well researched compelling
facts about that disease in a way that's
still entertaining and that's great and
I think Richard does compare very
positively to someone like Gary
Yourofsky if I have to choose between
Richard and Gary Yourofsky as leaders in
veganism Richard is the better candidate
by far east a better voice for the past
present future this movement bit
eccentric no shade though so you know I
did give him phrase there that was
completely sincere and I still stand by
that place so then a couple videos later
have a much shorter video we're mostly
talking about this kid asked yourself
and Cory McCarthy entire McCarthy and
the racism on that camp and I say really
in passing very very briefly that I'm
shocked at what an idiot richard has
been in this affair which is also
completely see her and I completely spam
buyer now there's no real
epistemological or ontological argument
to be dealt with you when Richard sits
down to make a video about a medical
condition about any medical claim you
know he researches the hell out of it he
claims he spends at least 20 hours per
video on that type of video
whether it's about weight lifting weight
loss fitness or something like latest
cancer research he is putting in more
than 20 hours of hard careful research
and actually checking and contrasting
multiple peer-reviewed sources do you
think Richard did that in considering or
evaluating or establishing the political
position of Tara McCarthy before he
appeared on the show no do you think
Richard did that did that level of
research before he decided to support or
sympathize with Corey McCarthy whom I
would consider a white supremacist and a
racist no do you think Richard put that
level of research into any of his
recently adopted political positions
that basically flirt with the old right
I can remember a time Richard described
himself as the social oysters and leaned
toward socialism and within the last
year we've seen him adopting more and
more positions that are conservative
shall we say he and definitely flirting
with the all right the far right there
most obviously in his interview his long
interview a kids with Tara McCarthy
again I would say no i don't think that
richard has invested time in researching
understanding any of his political
positions in the same way he does his
health science positions right I don't
think he regards political science as a
science that demands the same level of
rigor that he invests in the medical
sciences and to some extent i can say
fair enough but i really represent
political science with in veganism i
really am the kind of person who says
hey can't we all answer to a higher
standard of rigor when making claims
whether its claims about what is
effective activism or claims about you
know the contrast between different
political approaches to lobbying
government courting public opinion
pursuing the future venus as a move
or if I'm sitting there looking at
somebody like Tara McCarthy Corey
McCarthy and so on and I'm asking
Richard how can you possibly attach your
name to this bandwagon these people
openly oppose in their terms they're
they're terrified about been reading off
the front page of their website here the
terror about the quote unquote white
genocide they're terrified of so-called
mongrel races emerging from white people
into breeding with black people you know
Richard that's exactly your family
Richard's mother we've seen on camera is
white his father if so facto is black in
many ways which are these people openly
espouse a political philosophy that
demonizes you and it openly says they
want to have political programs in place
to exile you from Canada the United
States to kick you out of the country
now I guess to give credit to Taroc
tificate I did do some research here
tower insists that she wants to use only
nonviolent methods when possible so she
doesn't want to actually kill people to
drive them out of Canada the United
States and now they also insist by a
technical definition that they are not
white supremacists they're just white
exclusive ests now if you have a golf
club if you have a country club if
you'll play golf and play tennis and
it's whites only it's white exclusive is
there any argument that that is not
white supremacist I mean maybe if you go
there and talk to the guy who works at
the front door and say well look this
this country club this go club you only
admit white people to play golf and play
tennis here so what do you think white
people are better than people it's
possible you can answer you oh no no no
we're all equal well perfectly equal in
fact every ethnic group has their own
wonderful gifts and you know unique
cultural heritage usual however however
his job as a doorman is to kick anyone
out and not let anyone and who's not
what unless I guess they're working in
the kitchen right there's no meaningful
debate to be had in this context if you
talking about within the United States
and
America between this bizarre program
that Corey and tarthur sorry Cory and
Tara McCarthy represent they represent
they call it themselves white
nationalism that's what they say they
represent okay there's no meaningful
distinction drawn between that and white
supremacism proper there's no meaningful
definition of the word racism that would
exclude these peoples non-racist now
does that mean that vegan gains Richard
should not talk to them at all no you
know I don't really think that the cold
silence is necessarily the best way to
treat these people I myself have engaged
with Corey I've talked to him in the
past i have videos here where i present
Corey's perspective sound clips of him
stating his opinions in favor of slavery
genocide colonialism his shockingly
racist opinions in his own terms where I
don't misrepresent him at all and i have
videos responding to him and inviting
him to discuss this or reconsider it or
what have you so I myself have engaged
these people however i did so critically
i did so in a way that made it very
clear that i'm hostile to their
fundamental assumptions about politics
and the world and everyone understood
that despite the fact that i'm a white
male with a bowl shape and head and it
really would be pretty easy for people
to mistakenly assume that i'm on the
other side of that equation and I'm not
um Richard if he had given an interview
dattara in which he was cross-examining
her or really challenging her or really
saying to her look this is over the line
how can you believe in these things
around you support that would be very
different I did listen to their entire
discussion it was quite boring to me so
I didn't pay attention to every minute
of it keeping real but I don't remember
any such conflict for even half a second
in that whole interview instead I think
it was clear to everyone that vegan
gains was cozying up to the outright and
he was giving a more than gracious very
flattering interview to Tara McCarthy
despite what we have to assume is a
pretty deep ethical rift between them
now you know is the explanation that
vegan gains is an idiot I don't think so
i think the explanation is the contrast
of origin
mentioned between the level of effort
and energy and focus that he puts into
researching and talking about medical
science health health science fitness
etc and the lack of focus the lack of
rigor the lack of seriousness with which
he has been indulging in we politics
he's been playing politics like a
dilettante whereas you know he plays
within the arena medical science
weightlifting and fitness like a pro I
doubt he'd even dispute them you know
and look keeping a lot of people feel
that way a lot of people feel that
politics is a hobby it's limiting for
fun exciting to do the relax whereas
their real work their real job what they
really care about take seriously is is
something else again it's not
necessarily insincere it's not
necessarily manipulative but very often
i do see people who simply fail to treat
politics with the seriousness that it
deserves and in this case the outcome is
frankly i think people like Richard
people like Lincoln games people like
ask yourself they have made fools of
themselves it's unbelievable to me that
ask yourself I don't think he's
especially intelligent how did he put
himself in the position of arguing that
Corey McCarthy is not a racist look at
the front page of coin McCarthy's
website click on the start here tab read
the way he describes his own political
position and this kid asked yourself and
again one of the light motifs have come
back to again again there's a difference
between being rational and being
reasonable maybe you can come up with
some arguments or you define the word
racist so narrowly that you feel you're
in the right to to make this claim maybe
you can define white supremacist so
precisely that this guy doesn't fall
into it okay and maybe you get on an ego
trip because you feel that is eminently
rational and logical but is it
reasonable it's a bit of a better a
better pill to swallow
when you realize that people are born
with a genetic cap on that I cute yeah
you know some people who are born
they're never going to have an IQ higher
than 85 whatever you give them treat
them like a prince and they want and I
think about that is that so you know you
were I know you can't help being born
under in a specific country with a
specific you know a specific race or
specific IQ or whatever you know but the
thing is like let's say you're born with
an 85 IQ just like somebody who's born
with a 2 inch dick it's like I'm sorry
you got the shin the stick I mean what
you can't really do anything about it
but you know just make the best of what
you got I guess but you know to go
around saying that everyone is equal
when there are inherent differences I'm
even amongst you know white there are
inherent differences you know again
anyone who just does this bare minimum
level of fact-checking looking at the
front page of court mccarthy's website
clicking through reading a little bit to
text there or someone who watches the
videos I have my own channel where we're
hearing it straight from his own mouth
we get to hear his own mood his own
anger you know even when he's claiming
but he's not a racist because it doesn't
feel hatred what he has to say in the
way he says it is genuinely hateful that
seething hatred comes across in the
camera and you know the total lack of
any sincere humanitarian motives on
their part and whenever they make these
concessions about how supposedly they
respect other nationalities also you're
not trying to help the navajo you're not
trying to help the Cree or the achieve
their the Mohawks if you actually care
about genocide if you actually cared
about endangered and disappearing
nationalities and languages and cultures
everything about your web presence would
be dramatically different instead what
we see is this smoke screen of a kind of
phony agallah tarian nationalism as if
they regard the navajo or the Israelis
and how what Israeli nationalism you
know as if they regard all of these
claims nationalism is equal a smoke
screen behind which there's an ideology
that as they say it's in no
meaningfully different from white
supremacism in the same sense that a
whites-only golf club or country club
can't claim to be anything other than
white supremacist just for the nature of
its exclusivity all right said so look
guys I kind of imagine it's more of an
upbeat video because the broader and
deeper question is whenever you work in
a given field of study and you look
around and feel like well as everyone
here an idiot or is it just me one of
the most important factors to remember
is that all of us have finite time
finite attention finite attention to
detail put that way we could only invest
ourselves so much in caring about the
details of any given topic I use
examples of this all the time I say look
I don't know about everything I did
research on Cambodia I did research on
Haiti at one time in my life I've never
done research on the history of Jamaica
from the little bits and pieces of bread
i'm sure it's fascinating put it lists
your dramatica you know any of these
case studies you know but um in general
when people step outside of their area
of expertise like Richard stepping
outside of health sciences and fitness
to take on these very thorny very
difficult issues in the alt right
politics I guess I don't need any other
term when they do so both with a much
much lower level of rigor and to be
blunt when they do so with a sense of
self-righteousness it's a very very bad
combination and even quite brilliant
people end up looking like it is the new
gen